Rename `TimeKind::Virtual` to `TimeKind::Auto` (and `virt` -> `auto` for `ContextTime`) (#334)
projectharmonia/bevy_enhanced_input: CHANGELOG.md

- Improve action evaluation logging.
- `DeltaScale::default()` now uses virtual time instead of real time. This is most likely what you want, since it's equivalent to getting the delta from [the default `Time` resource](https://docs.rs/bevy/latest/bevy/prelude/struct.Time.html). If you want the original behavior, use `DeltaScale::real_time()`.
- Deprecated `TimeKind::Virtual` in favor of the name `TimeKind::Auto`, which is more accurate to the functionality.

> - Deprecated `virt` field of `ContextTime` and replaced with `auto` field.

Reviewer: I'd write it like this to make it clear that it's just a rename.
```suggestion
- Rename `TimeKind::Virtual` to `TimeKind::Auto` and `ContextTime::virt` to `ContextTime::auto`. The old names remain available as deprecated aliases.
```
